###COMPSOC MEETING MINUTES

<i>Tuesday 22nd October 2013 @ 18:05 in AT 4.14</i><br>
<b>Present:</b> Kim, Craig, Paul, Martin, Lewis, Chris, Iain<br>
<b>Next Meeting:</b> Tuesday 29th October 2013 @ 18:05 in AT 4.14

###1. STMU
There are issues with the STMU since Amazon have pulled out extremely last minute. Paul, Chris and Craig are all going to contact individuals to try and organise some, and Paul is going to prepare a backup presentation just incase.

###2. Laser quest
Craig is going to inquire about the cost of this and set a date.

###3. Society cards
We need resubmit the design with a few changes. A link to the website will be added and the logos will be changed to transparent. Lewis is doing this for us. This needs done as soon as possible.

###4. Bank
Once again there is issues with the bank account and the forms had to be completed again and resubmitted.

###5. Website
The banner needs done ASAP, this is Rikki's responsibility.

###6. ILW 
There's a meeting about this next week and everyone needs to fill in the doodle poll so we can check availability to finalise the date. We will be contribute a large amount to the hack during ILW. This includes both money and time.
