###COMMITTEE MEETING MINUTES###


<i>Tuesday 17th September 2013 @ 18:05 in AT 4.14<br></i>
<b>Present:</b> Chris, Paul, Kim, Martin, Rikki, Craig<br>
<b>Next Meeting:</b> Tuesday 24th September 2013 @ 18:05 in AT 4.14

###1. Review of fresher's###
Craig, Kim, Paul and Rikki are all owed money for their contributions to the society during the week. A special thanks to Oli and Jammy for putting money behind the bar during the pubcrawl on Thursday. Kit is missing a Gamecube controller and a Wii remote, but we have one of GameSocs Gamecube controllers, Kim has emailed GameSoc to inform them of this and we’re waiting for a reply. We need to prioritise trying to get into the freshers info book for next year as this is our responsibility for the next year and would’ve made things much easier.

###2. Membership renewals###
Martin had to manually add members that signed up to the society during freshers and this seemed to be an inconvenience, we need to encourage members to sign up via the EUSA system. Paul needs to send out an email to all old members to remind them to sign up once again. 

###3. Bank account/income statement/sponsors###
Issue of members asking for single semester membership, we cleared up that this way not possible and they’d have to pay for the whole year. Martin is going to phone the bank to find out the stage our form is in being processed and he’s going to check the invoices.
Our current sponsors are Amazon, Citi, Accenture and Datasift. Google have yet to confirm and Craig is looking into talking to SkyScanner and Cisco.

###4. Eusa tie in###
Two bank accounts, eusa and bank of Scotland. Two committee members needed to draw out money from either accounts. 

###5.Cascaders/workshops###
Cascades is a buddy system that we want to keep informal, based in west lab. We need to recruit core group of helpers from each year and advertise via email and lectures. Paul met with Dr Amis Storkey today to discuss putting this into action.
Workshops: We need a  Questionnaire to find out what people want. 15 people need to be interested before a workshop can be run. E.g intro to python/c/web design/computing/general programming. Rikki needs to add more tabs to website so it includes workshops.

###5. Society cards###
Get the 4 confirmed sponsors on them. If skyscanner confirm within the week then their logo can be added. Paul is going to run a design competition for the cards by posting on facebook.

###6. Website###
The website has a lot of spam users and this needs fixed by Rikki. Suggestions of adding fields into the user sign up e.g student numbers, questions. Need to add a SIGs tab to the website and overall it just needs to continue improving.

###7. Hoodies###
More of Christmas thing so leaving this til later.

###8. Social###
Socials will be on Tuesdays at 8pm, possibly in Aspen. The first one will be on the 24th and they’ll be every two weeks. There will be a big social every month, including one in 3 weeks time. Suggestions included Bowling, Laser Tag and a film night in AT. 

###9. STMU PREP###
We have 5 stmus for the year which will cost us roughly £750. We need to make sure a sponsor does a talk each time, Chris’ responsibility. Confirmed spots for first one: Amazon, intro from Paul. We need to speak to Nantas for a lecturer to speak and the possibility of informatics forum podcaster and Quorate was raised.

###10. EGM###
1st to 4/5th year reps needed. We need to give 4 weeks notice of this and it will be held on Friday 11th October @ 13:20. Pizza will be provided and Kim has to send out an email about this, especially to 1st years. 

###11. SIG###
5 people are needed to make a SIG. Paul is going to organise SIG sign up and advertise this by going into 1st year lectures. Possibility of a SIG night, book a big lab. Need rules - no profit, no companies, personal development, no release for profit. SIGS must give a progress report every 2 weeks in order to receive any funding. 

###12. Other:###
We’re going to have a Smart data hack and budget £1000 on prizes. Talks of advertising the small STMUs upstairs to members since many don’t know it exists. Kim needs to send a welcome email to all new members. Suggestion of an Academic Secretary being added to the committee was raised, discuss at later date.
