###COMPSOC MEETING MINUTES

<i>Tuesday 29th October 2013 @ 17:05 in AT 4.14</i><br>
<b>Present:</b>Rikki, Lewis, Craig, Paul, Martin, Kim, Aseem <br>
<b>Next Meeting:</b> Tuesday 5th Novemeber 2013 @ 18:05 in AT 4.14

###1. Cascaders
Loads of forms were previously printed out for this but they've ran out at extremely fast rate so Paul is going to print out more (approx 3000)
We need to encourage UG students to participate, especially the later years. All of us need to spread the word about this and try invole older students.

###2. STMU
This needs to be sorted VERY EARLY this month and everything must be confirmed so that we don't have the same issues as this month.
Rikki is currently in the process of trying to confirm a talk on Quantim Computing.
Craig is once again enquiring Amazon about a talk this month.
Chris has the responsibility of trying to find two other speakers for the STMU. 
We've made the decision of moving the STMU from Friday to possibly Wednesday is turnout is not about 50/60ish people at the November STMU.

###3. Laser Quest
This is going to be ran on Sunday 10th November and there's a poll currently on Facebook to work out numbers so that Craig can book this. 
The event will be subsidised so that it will cost members £5 rather than the usual £11.

###4. ILW
There's a meeting tomorrow morning (30th October) at 10am in AT 5.03, we've been encourage to bring as many committee members as we can to this event to discuss the organisation of ILW. We will be funding and organising a large chunk of this.

###5. Hackathons
After checking coursework deadlines we've made the decision to not run a hackathon this semester but we need to look into running one next semester, seperate from the ILW hack.
We're going to look into getting Raspberry Pis for this as prizes.

###6. Social
Today at 8pm, bar50 as always

###7. Newsletter
A newsletter needs to be sent out to members every Sunday to inform them of the weeks events and other important information. This is Kimberley's responsibility.

###8. Workshops
We've decided to run App Development workshops and we need to get this organised as soon as possible. Craig Ross is going to enquire into seeing who has the experience to run said workshops.
